chore(*) scripts for build, publish and fetch Envoy binaries (#3110)
kumahq/kuma: tools/envoy/README.md

# Tools for Envoy

The current directory contains tools for building, publishing and fetching Envoy binaries.

> There is a new Makefile target `build/envoy` that places an `envoy` binary in `build/artifacts-$OS-$ARCH/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a new Makefile target `build/envoy` that places an `envoy` binary in `build/artifacts-$GOOS-$GOARCH/` directory.
```
